Oh, you know, we were preparing for the tapings and he never texted me back.
And I'm like, we're walking by this. And I'm like, just come in and look.
And he literally looks at the iPhone, like,
it's the enemy of the people phone. I have multiple phones, held it with.
Disdain. I have an iPhone. Also. I go, the guy.
Goes, you could do anything on this. You text, you can make a point.
You can do anything. You can write shows, you can record your shows.
And Dave goes, should we really play God?
<Laugh> I had a couple of good lines, but I, I,
I don't go past an iPhone too. I, I feel like, you know,
that's pushing it cuz now it's like up to 10, right? You have an iPhone.
Two like.
Yeah. How many are like how many iPhones, JV burst.
How many iPhones compared to how many Rocky movies are there? <laugh>.
How many Rocky movies are there now? Cause our name is on creeds Rockies.
Cuz now we have do creeds. The second creed is act now.
I guess it is cuz it's working off of the actual uh, narrative of Rocky. Do you.
Hear Michael B? Jordan is talking about boxing. Roy Jones Jr. Yeah,
I thought that was a.
Oh God. I hope it's a joke. Just straight up boxing. Not like a Mo tie.
Listen, don't do that. Michael. Just don't do that.
I'm I'm sure he's a great athlete. He's a beautiful kid. He's got a great body.
Looks like he knows how to box. When he throws punches,
it looks like he really actually knows how to box.
I'm sure he is a really good athlete and he's built like a brick house.
But boxing Roy Jones Jr. Is a.
Preposterous. You don't know how to get hit. What's the upside.
You never work again. Or you become a boxer.
You, you hang in there with them and you look like a hero. I mean you,
you clip 'em and hurt him. I mean, it is, it is a humanly possible thing, right?
Like when two people are throwing punches at each other,
that one of 'em can hit the other guy. But.
But downside, the downside is just ruined Roy Jones.
Juniors.
One of the greatest boxers of all time and still to this
day knows how to box. It's not like he forgot. How is he?
He's pushing 50 he's 49. Yeah. He's pushing 50. Do.
You think, you think somebody challenging? Whose idea was it? I think.
He was just talking. He was just probably being asked, like,
who would you like to box? Who's your hero? How.
Many rounds though? Did have to go a certain amount? What did it, what exactly.
Happened like that? He said.
He would, he asked him who, who would you wanna fight today? And he said,
Roy Jones, he would probably beat me in his prime,
but I'd probably fight him today. It's probably just like that.
Oh that is an outrageous thing to say. Just an.
Thing to say.
Says is George Foreman.
Listen, it, he probably would kill you in his prime.
Mean the idea that he would just beat you. I mean, Roy Jones Jr.
When he was in his prime, you were just waiting to see he was in a, a NA song.
They said Roy Jones is in the new Mike Tyson's Roy Jones. It's in,
this is like in, in the 1990s. People forgot how, how good Roy Jones Jr. Was.
He was putting his hands behind his back and then knocking people out.
He was doing ridiculous. He knocked out light heavyweight champion,
Virgil hit with a body shot. Do you wanna hear it? So.
We so we can hear the context. Okay. Cause it's only.
<Laugh> sure let's listen to it. So I heard that you.
After all your training for the creed movies, you can hold your own in a fight.
I mean, I could do my thing a little bit. You know what I'm saying?
I've been working out with Rocky, been working out with like,
you know what I'm saying? Like Apollo creed. I'm do my thing. Absolutely.
Apollo CRE.
Now who all time would you wanna step into the ring with whether it's a boxer,
wrestler, fighter.
Anybody like Roy Jones bro? Roy Jones. Roy Jones. That's my dude, bro drill.
I feel like I do my thing a little bit. Yeah.
Hold my thing right now in it prime. Nah, he'll probably knocking my out,
but like right now I could do my thing.
Why answer that question?
That's a, well, listen. He was uh, Hey Joe, were.
You funnier than George car in his prime? Can you just answer that?
The middle of the street.
Right now? Do my thing right now. Since.
He did. I know you've had a few drinks in the restaurant. I, the worst.
Question we'll tell you something right now I'm on Coke. Cocaine.
Let me answer some questions. I'll boy Jones Jr.
Up that. But.
He said he was training with Rocky. That was the best part in Apollo.
He doesn't even know their names. He doesn't know the old dude.
The old dude, the black guy and the black guy.
The black Panther too. He's awesome. Him plays a good superhero. He's.
A great he's bad guy. I love his movies. He.
Was a good, bad guy in that movie. But you know, it's like,
you just shouldn't answer that. Just made a mistake. Yeah. You know, young,
cocky, full of life. Everything's going well, you know, and again,
built like a superhero. He thinks he could box the world. This's just a,
a thing that's gonna be happening if you're standing in front of Roy Jones Jr.
It's a different thing. He's he's got a computer. That's many,
many times you bring Roy more robust than yours when it comes to boxing.
But just taking the punishment. It's not like, you know, it's like, okay,
that's enough. What.
If Roy Jones Jones just gives you a concussion and you never act again, my God,
what's the upside for you. He can tee up on, by the way,
50 year old boxer looks at this actor, pretty boy. And it's like, uh,
when they brought then when they brought, um,
what's his name out of the box in pulp fiction.
Yeah. I mean he's jacked though. Look at him.
Dude's built like a seriously built like 50 year old. Wow. But see,
the thing is like,
there's such a giant difference between learning how to box and being a good
athlete. Like he clearly is and being Roy Jones Jr. The, the,
the gap is so wide it's. So it's like if I did a,
a movie about P playing basketball and then I wanted to, you know,
play a one on one versus Kobe Bryant, you know,
I've been playing this movie for a couple years, man. I'm feeling good.
I'm feeling good. Even though I never did any competitive basket ball plan,
like you were.
In the white shadow or it.
So it looks like he got beat up. It's like, he's a.
Movie. He's.
A movie star, bro. He's got fake blood on his.
Welt. That was in the movie. I'm sure he knows how to throw his hands.
I'm sure he does. He looks good in the movies.
He looks like he really knows what he's doing. But Roy Jones Jr.
Is one of the greatest of all time. He was a phenom.
He knows how out a box in a way that you're never gonna understand.
So how long has he been since he boxed 10 years? I mean.
Roy Jones had a fight within the last two years.
I think his last fight was, I wanna say it was two less than two years ago.
I think he retired. He had a bunch of fights over in Russia.
He actually became a Russian citizen this year. Is that it? This year,
this year. Jesus Christ play some of it. Oops play.
So he's not just challenging a retired boxer. He's challenging a.
Boxer's Roy Jones Jr. All right. Just,
this is a different thing. It's one thing.
If you're like hop level pro right now. Wow.
And you feel like you would've gotten knocked out by Roy and his prime,
but you can give him a go right now. Okay. That I, that is that's believable.
You're a professional boxer.
You've been honing your craft in the gym for years and years.
You've been sparring and working with high level coaches. Look at him.
He's still Roy Jones Jr. Still Roy Jones. Jr.
Even though he is 40.
I he's a boxing. It doesn't matter. I mean, he's boxing. One's an actor.
One's a boxer.
But Roy Jones is in a boxing match here and he's looking good, right? I mean,
he's obviously not fighting a guy. Who's the best in the world.
So if you're Roy Jones Jr. Do you call your, your agent right now?
He's already been saying it. See if the kid serious.
What's the he's already been doing all these interviews. He said like,
I don't want to get outta bed early in the morning. But if, if you know,
if he wants to really do this, we could do this. Roy Jones.
It'd be a wonderful opportunity to show people what boxing is. Oh,
let me see what he said. I would love to see that here.
Let's hear what Roy says.
Of course I saw the video. First thing is, you know,
I never duck the fight in my I don't duck. Nothing. Right?
Never ain't run for hurricane to come down here. So I ain't running for nobody.
If my wants this real contact Roy Jones and we gonna make it happen.
Yeah. See, you got my number. He can contact you and get my number.
So there's no question about how can I find, you know, how to.
I be.
Apologize. Get no from T lets make happen.
Right now. He said in the video, he said,
I think he would probably have killed me back in his prime.
That's true. <laugh> how.
About now though? Do you actually him, any chance beat you now?
Even though you are 49, Roy.
I don't. I know he can't beat me still because I mean,
I know he's probably even better conditioning cause he's younger and he though
he can probably think he can go longer and probably thinks he may be able to
even out working now. But I'm a vet. I'm an old school that that's right.
Old school vet. Ain't going out like that to have the, to come the ring with me.
I love it. You understand me? So I to understand what boxing is.
So I'm not out there to just taking out right away.
Cause then you don't get the experience of the boxing.
I'm a professional like I am and I know he's big and strong.
Cause he got stronger for the movie. Then I should be able to board all that.
Take him in a deep water. So he understands where the boxing me really eat. Oh,
he, he comes out. He don't want water say, oh I got knock the first round.
He wouldn't give his hold. No, no, no, no, no. I see my knee off that ease.
I'm gonna knee five, six rounds at you.
So I want you to see how it really feels mm-hmm <affirmative> so the that's why
I'm talking like that. Not cause I think he can really match my skills.
I really don't. Even at 49.
How long would you need Roy to get right to where you could step in there?
Like what's the soon as we could make this fight happen.
Uh, I probably need for him about four or five weeks.
It's on Switzer. It's on Michael. Please listen to me. Don't do this.
Someone called StubHub. Just don't do this. This,
this is not gonna work out well. Especially if they're,
I would assume both of 'em are not gonna be drug tested.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> quite a guess.
I don't think either one of them wants a pee in a bucket. <laugh> uh, if they,
if they just let Roy,
they let Roy go to Dr. Feel good and pump him up with hormones.
This is gonna be a route. This would be terrifying. Imagine.
This is new. Getting that call from his agent. Hey, uh,
we have an offer for you to do this like new superhero movie.
It's gonna be amazing. And Michael's like, ah, I'm booked that whole five weeks.
Yeah. I gotta for five weeks would train for Roy Jones Jr. Like don't do it.
This is a new,
this is a new genre of TV show of the real guy versus the guy who played it in
the movie. <laugh> well, I wanna see doctors against guys who played a doctor.
I wanna see astronauts against guys who would think they're an astronaut.
I wanna see it all.
Navy seal from a movie versus real Navy.
Dinosaur versus chicken. I wanna see it. Isn't that? What mark.
Walbrook said. If he was on the plane, wouldn't.
Gone down five versus did he, did he really say that though? Yeah.
That's what everybody says. Oh, I dunno. I never heard.